okay I'm doing a video Albert this is
Albert walking on his own woops picks
himself up he's had surgery he was in a
cart for a year and a half and he's had
a lot of physical therapy both in
hydrotherapy and on the land treadmill
and we have him walking again and
getting better and better more and more
stable his owner followed our advice and
putting him on concrete and gravel with
the rationale that smooth floors did not
give him adequate aggravation of the
deep pain response so he had a few
little wounds on his toes but then when
he found out it that deep pain response
was working he has picked up his feet
and got his feet down flat again and
here he is walking on smooth voice
inside the house and he just marked
where his brother did what a boy come on
go outside
can you go downstairs look at you go
he just hopped down the stairs yep
did he use his legs yep he's been using
him to go upstairs a bit more - that is
so awesome I felt for you he's doing so
well I was he was walking around on the
smooth floors with no problem
he's doing great he also marked where
his brother did he also marked where his
brother did that's okay that's what we
have a mop for Albert you're my hero
that's a great rehab story
congratulations